6.08.01  DRAFT

DISCUS
  SURFACE  Augmented the boundary command with a center:<value> parameter
           and the option to use "com" == "center of mass" for the value.
  POWDER   FIXED BUG Corrected the calculation of a periodic boundaary PDF
                     using the Debye-Scattering-Equation
6.08.00  RELEASED 2021_October_08

General
  Expanded the internal tests to see if the program runs on a computer 
  that is online/offline.
DISCUS
  MMC      Added an optional parameter "log" to 'run' command
  READ     Structure fiules may no consist of  "name x, y, z" only
  SURFACE  FIXED BUG, optional command 'long' did not work
  SYMM     FIXED BUG, User 'uvw' was not handeled properly
KUPLOT
  All graphics output is written as Postscipt file. ImageMagick is used to 
  process these into the desired graphics format. 
  As default the background is no longer transparent.An optional
  parameter allows transparent images.
  For 'png' and 'pdf' output, the resolution can be specified.

6.07.00 RELEASED  2021_Jul_26

General
  Added an option "prepare=libraries" or "prepare=none" to update command
  Added a new variable type "EXPR" that is to be evaluated in a menu at 'run' time

DISCUS
  FIXED BUG in mmc regarding the sorting of targets with atom groups
            like "...(Al), (Be,Cs)..."
  FIXED BUG related to symmetry average of 3D diffraction pattern
  FIXED BUG Corrected atom names in export to JMol this improved polygon plotting
  FIXED BUG Corrected internal handling of user defined anomalous scattering parameters
  FIXED BUG Recognition of molecules in domain/read from internal storage
  FIXED BUG Internal counting of additional generators
  FIXED BUG Included avarage intensity in convolution for single crystal pattern

  MMC     added a 'group' correlation
  MMC     extensive revision with regards to molecules
  MMC     improved convergence
  MMC     replaced 'neig, add' by 'set neig, ..., number:'
  DOMAIN  added irregular domains
  PLOT    Improved handling of atoms with charges
  PLOT    Changed default atom size (except with polyhedra)
  PLOT    Added options to draw lines into JMOL plot
  PLOT    Added export option to JMOL plots
  CONN    added a new mode to create connectivities from a group
          of vectors
  FIND    Added the option to find an environment that corresponds
          to a neighborhood as defined in MMC
  FIND    Added an option to find a neighborhood that consists of the
          recursively searched connectivity.
  SYMM and DOMAIN added use of 'EXPR' variables
  OUTPUT  added an option to add the data into an existing kuplot
          data set
          added an output of the averaged Intensities
          Added   'vesta' output
  PERIOD  Created a new menu to rearrange the sequence into a
          periodic structure


KUPLOT
  Added option to plot a line as (filled) polygon
  Changed the 'png' output to go through a postscript file. This works
      better for multiple color maps.

6.06.00 RELEASED  2021_Feb_16

SUITE
  FIXED BUG parallel command did not work for Windows WSL

DISCUS
  Added option to accumulate several diffraction pattern
  Added option to apply symmetry averaging to diffraction pattern
  FIXED BUG in powder, Linear and square parameters were not read correctly. 
  FIXED BUG Corrected output format for neutron energies at short wave lengths 

KUPLOT
  Added a FFT for 1D, 2D, 3D
  FIXED BUG fit: the old "urf" was transscribed into the lambda start for the new fit.
  FIXED BUG fit: The background polynomial indicated wrong parameter number. 
  FIXED BUG parallel mode at windows did not work.

General
  FIXED BUG for update command. Unfortunately the 'update' command had
  a bug that rendered it faulty on Linux and MAC. 
  FIXED BUG change directory was faulty for WSL

6.05.00 RELEASED  2021_Jan_20

DIFFEV
  FIXED BUG constraint rules were not working

DISCUS
  Added "xplor" file format for 3-D maps (intensity, 3DPDF etc.)
  Added 'range' command to output to limit extend of maps for "xplor"
  Fixed use of "set vec" into neighborhoods with vectors starting
        at several (symmetrically equivalent) sites.

KUPLOT
  Added a double peak Pseudo-Voigt function for Kalpha1,2 radiation
        as general function and as fit function.

REFINE, KUPLOT
  Added a global storage to exchange data, especially calculated derivatives

General
  Added a (double-peak) Pseduo-Voigt function
  Added a function to determine the number associated to a Refine
        parameter name. Used for the calculated derivatives 
  The Linux installation scripts include a check for the "curl" program
  The MacOS installation has a minor update related to the changed brew syntax 

6.04.00 RELEASED
   
        FIXED bug in calculations involving matrices. These could not be at a 
                  lower alphabetical order than scalar variables.

DISCUS
   Added an optional parameter to the 'value' command in 'output'.
   This allows to set a maximum radius in reciprocal space to be 
   applied prior to the 3D-PDF calculation.

   import  Adapted RMCf6 import to more flexible file formats

6.03.01	RELEASED
